Jared Polin, FroKnowsPhoto.Com and this is
a quick tips for how to protect your camera
in the rain.
We're not saying that you should always go
shoot in the rain, but you have to be prepared
or you should be prepared for inclement weather,
that means, if it's going to rain or its dusty
or its storming or its whatever ring out,
any kind of precipitation you want to protect
yourself and you don't have to spend $200
to do this.
You could to get the professional version
of protecting your camera, but when you've
got.
Let's see $3,000 to when you have $5000 worth
of gear, you may want to keep something in
your bag to protect your camera and you could
do something like this.
This is a think-tank hydrophobia.
There's a company called Aqua Tech that also
makes protection gear for the rain, you see
guys on sidelines of football games, at sporting
events they use them simply, you put this
on your camera you can look through the back
of it, its going to protect it in down pouring
rain.
Now, it's not to prevent protect the front
element, because you still need to shoot through
it, but this is a $200 option.
This may not be for you.
So, what can you use if you want to do something
less expensive?
Well this isn't just a plastic bag.
This is act - what you say photic optech,
this is made by Optech, this is called the
rain sleeve by Optech.
Allen's camera carries these.
They come in a two of them at a time.
I think they are like 6, 7, 8 bucks, but its
plastic.
You throw it in your bag just in case you
need it.
I'll just show you how it works pretty simply.
You slide your camera in here.
Don't suffocate, don't let kit suffocate in
this.
Actually they can't, because you can't really
cut it off, but anyway it has a drawstring
on the end.
You'd tighten this around your lens - boom!
And then you put whatever, I'm not gonna do,
its like one hand.
Alright, one hand tighten it like that, then
back here you have the eyepiece, you take
your eye piece off the camera and then attach
it using this plastic.
See a plastic eyepiece then you can have both
hands in it, one at the bottom, one here,
it's not the easiest thing in the world, but
if you are stuck in the rain and you need
to protect your camera from inclement weather,
this is an awesome option to have.
It's inexpensive for 5, 6 under 10 bucks you
get two of these, you can reuse them, but
even if you didn't reuse them, you just use
it.
When you protect your camera and you got the
shot that you wanted, you may - you know this
is a good thing.
So, think about having one of these in your
bag at all time, whether it's an expensive
one or 5, 6 dollar version, that's up to you.
That's a quick tip: how to protect your camera
in the rain.
Jared Polin, FroKnowsPhoto.com.
See you.
Thank you guys for watching this video.
If you haven't signed up for the Fro Knows
Photo email list yet, please check out FroKnowsPhoto.com,
look for the orange box and when you sign
up, you'll get a free ebook to Capturing Motion
in Low Light situations, as well as get notifications
about the latest in sales and specials that
are running, as well as the exclusive email
content.